lakehouse disney's live on stage
everybody
everybody welcome to Playhouse Disney
welcome of you are you guys excited to
be here today I thought so my name is
Casey what's your name Sean now pretty
good but you guys I think we can do it
even louder so let's all try again as
loud as we can a little bit no no three
right one two three
is somebody seen Nicki you sure did
Casey
hey you want to come to my Clubhouse
yeah you do that's right
come on let's go oh I almost forgot
to make the clubhouse appear we need to
say the magic words
you're due Nicky the magic words are
meeska mooska mickey now let's see them
all together ready uh-huh
nice
big surprise party for you're all
invited
there's a lot to do so everybody will
have to chip in let's see now
first we need to put up a happy birthday
sign I'll do that Mickey okay Daisy and
we'll need some money to make a birthday
cake wars you bless my gun
I'll do it Mickey betcha goofy and it
sure would be swell to come up with a
special song you know for a birthday
present perfect and that leaves me to
get everyone to yell surprise - Minnie
now does anybody have any questions
before we all get ready better George
I'm not sure remember how I make a cake
I'm talking up to Sun way up high hmm
and looks fun making sure Minnie has the
best party ever isn't going to be very
easy well you know what everybody's
mouth point is Mickey I get them from
Stuart me too and I know where to get
some really good stories to the
mousekedoer
Oh
yeah
each one will take up to a great story
from our friends and Playhouse Disney
well asterism sure started humming with
your soul don't let's call her toodles
Oh
it's a bar machine Felipe or rather than
broken by the machine may arouse any
system fix it fast muy rapido so what's
the rush
she needs it for the big celebration
today the opening of the brand-new bar
can be the same and of course you can
come on tools popping
but before we will get to work let's see
if we can find out what's wrong with the
Machine Manny I think it's this nail
that's sticking out no no bad machines
can sometimes be a little tricky we
better don't you worry bout a thing
Manny I can fix this machine all by
myself